Llama has gae.
Llama cannot make pancakes. Not even blueberry ones.
Llama banned haha
Llamas are famous for getting good exotics nerfed by Bungie.
Llama thinks control is the best gamemode.
Llama paid me 1000000 dollars to make this bot for him.
Llamas have five feet, one for each hand.
Llama has the B I G G A E.
Llama made Bungie nerf sleeper ricochet.
Llama likes wet socks.
Llama was fed at his mother's breast until the age of 12.
Llama's favorite season of GoT was season 8.
Llama's favorite expansion was Curse of Osiris.
Llama is already Foetracer.
Llama's best friend is Crambled, who spent too long making this dumb bot work.
Llama doesn't play Destiny anymore.. Rude.
Llama always ignores my memes.
oWo llama wats dis? *notices thick neck* can I wub it wama-chan, pweeease?? UwU
Llama thinks Jaime Lannister's character arc was wrapped up nicely.
Llama thinks that Thor: The Dark World was the best MCU movie.
Llama fears no man. But that.. thing? @Jacobs? That terrifies him.
Llama puts his cereal in his bowl, then pours the milk like a goddamn heathen.
Llama gets downvoted on reddit cause he's llama.
Llamas are best known for their ability to carry heavy items across mountains. Yet llama can't carry a team in PvP.
Llama? I hardly know her!
Llama has ruined raids more times than I have fucked his mom and that is saying something if you know what I mean lmao (several).
Llama couldn't pay the electric bill because he spent all his money on Fortnite skins and donations to ASMR streamers.
Llamas are mammals.
Llamas are herbivores meaning they only eat plants.
Llamas eat grass, ferns and hay.  They can eat up to 6 pounds of food a day.
Llamas only need to drink a small amount of water.
Llamas live in the Andes mountain region along the west coast of South America in the countries of Peru, Argentina, Bolivia and Chili.
It is believed that 40 million years ago llamas lived in North America. Then 3 million years ago the llamas started to migrate to South America.  At the end of the last ice age between 10,000-12,000 llamas became completely extinct in North America.
You can now see llamas in Zoos and on some farms.
Llamas became domesticated animals in Peru 4,000-5,000 years ago.  It is one of the world’s oldest domesticated animals.
Llamas are not found in the wild anymore.  They are descendants of the wild guanaco.
Llamas are related to camels.  One of the main differences between a llama and a camel is that a llama does not have a hump.
Llamas can live between 15-30 years.
Llama’s are tall and can grow to be 6ft.
A full grown llama can weigh between 280-500 pounds.
A llama’s feet have two toenails and a soft leather like pad on the bottom.
Llamas can carry 25%-30% of their body weigh.
Llamas are often used to carry loads.
Llamas are covered in wool not hair.
Their wool can be a variety of colors including gray, black, white and tan.  Their wool can be a solid color or come in many patterns.
Llamas wool is used to make clothing. blankets, hats and scarves.
Some people eat llama meat.
Mother llamas are pregnant for 11 1/2 months.
Llamas give birth standing up to usually one baby called a cria.
Crias weigh between 18-30 pounds when they are born.
A llama becomes full grown at 4 years old.
Llamas are social animals and live in groups called herds.
Llamas communicate with their tails, ears and sounds.  Humming is a common sound llamas make.
Llamas have an excellent sense of smell, eyesight and hearing.
Llamas are smart animals and can be easily trained.
Llamas are known to spit when they feel threatened.
Predators to the llama are coyotes, pumas and humans.
Llamas are large animals. They can be 6 feet tall (at the head) and reach between 280 and 450 pounds of weight.
Llama's body is covered with wool which can be black, gray, white or brown, with variety of patterns.
Llamas can be divided in two groups according to the length of their fur: short coated (called Ccara) and the medium coated (called Curaca).
Llama has elongated face, large nostrils and long ears that are curved inwardly. Llama's ears are shaped like "banana".
Llama has excellent sense of sight, smell and hearing, which are used for detection of potential danger.
Llamas have inherited fear of coyote, mountain lions and other dog-like animals. Some llamas are used as "guards" of the sheep because they quickly alert and protect the herd when they spot a predator.
Llamas are very social animals. They live in groups composed of up to 20 animals.
Llamas are known as animals that spit when provoked or threatened. They can spit at humans also, but they usually spit at each other to solve misunderstandings in the group.
Llamas are herbivores (eat only plants). They eat grass and ferns mainly. Llama on the farm may eat 6 pounds of hay per day.
Llama is not hoofed animal. It has two toenails on each foot and leathery pad underneath.
Llamas are very intelligent, but stubborn animals. When the load on its back is too heavy, llama will refuse to carry it until some of the load is removed.
400 pounds heavy llama can easily carry 100 pounds heavy load for 10 to 12 miles.
Llamas do not have specific time of mating. Male usually chases female for up to 10 minutes until she is finally ready to mate.
Pregnancy in llamas lasts 11 ½ months and ends with a single baby. Female will give birth to a baby in the morning hours and young llama will be able to run with the rest of the herd by the evening.
Lifespan of llamas is between 20 and 30 years.